We must learn to trust our bodies and our desires. After all, they're the most honest
thing trust in this world.
Well said. By the way, this massage is really popular.
You guys should try it.
Well, um, no, no need to.
Why do I find them so adorable?
It seems like you've been celibate for quite a while. It's not good, you know. Look at
your husband. He's strong and handsome. What could possibly go well?
Let's not jump to conclusions.
You guys should try this today.
Well, we're not really.
No, come on.
Frank, have you really been celibate for a long time?
I said, I only sleep with those I love. Otherwise, I'd rather abstain from sex.
Separate sex and love love chocolate, chilly. Never mix the two.
Life's fun when you try everything.
I believe sex is best when two people are in love.
Because of physical connection, it's never fulfilling about an emotional bond.
Oh, my bad. Sorry.